ENG-5003: Sparkplug B output retain=false for Edge Node messages (#347)
united-manufacturing-hub/benthos-umh: CHANGELOG.md

- Sparkplug B input: `identity.group_id` now filters the MQTT subscription by default. Previously an empty `subscription.groups` caused the plugin to subscribe to every Sparkplug group on the broker (`spBv1.0/+/#`) regardless of `identity.group_id`. To restore the old behavior, set `subscription.groups: ["+"]` explicitly.
- Sparkplug B input: field descriptions and the primary-role startup log now state that `identity.edge_node_id` is used as the Sparkplug v3.0-compatible `host_id` in the STATE topic (`spBv1.0/STATE/<host_id>`).

> - Sparkplug B output (`role: edge_node`): NBIRTH, DBIRTH, NDEATH/DDEATH (graceful Close) and the LWT registration were all published with `retain=true`, violating Sparkplug B v3.0 §5.4 which requires all non-STATE messages to be published with `retain=false`. Wire-visible behavior change: late subscribers connecting after the Edge Node will no longer receive a retained BIRTH/DEATH from the broker and must request a rebirth to receive it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sparkplug B output (`role: edge_node`): NBIRTH, DBIRTH, NDEATH, DDEATH, and the LWT registration are now published with `retain=false`, matching Sparkplug v3.0 §5.4. Late subscribers no longer receive retained BIRTHs from the broker; they must request one via `NCMD/Node Control/Rebirth` or rely on a Sparkplug-Aware broker's `$sparkplug/certificates/#` topics.
```

> - Sparkplug B output (`role: edge_node`): NBIRTH, DBIRTH, NDEATH/DDEATH (graceful Close) and the LWT registration were all published with `retain=true`, violating Sparkplug B v3.0 §5.4 which requires all non-STATE messages to be published with `retain=false` (only Primary Host STATE messages may be retained). Late subscribers received stale alias-to-name maps from the broker's retained store, producing subtly wrong name resolution after tag configuration changed. All five publishes now use `retain=false`. Wire-visible behavior change: late subscribers connecting after the Edge Node will no longer receive a retained BIRTH/DEATH from the broker — they must subscribe to `$sparkplug/certificates/#` on a Sparkplug-Aware broker, or request rebirth via `NCMD/Node Control/Rebirth`. Operators running `CleanSession=false` clients should re-subscribe to BIRTH topics from a Primary Host context.

Reviewer: the changelog is rather complex, i think this can be described user facing using a single sentence.

Author: I simplified the changelog
